Blogging so know what's happened before.
What is x.
I want bucks to live and the Fulton also will do its work.
So if we check the full state or this mid-June machine.
So if we don't retail you see Flatirons state not protected.
Need a 7:30 p.m. That's me.
This virtual machine indeed default.
It's not protected and need are signon the virtual machine that's mean it can't front due to going to
the virtual machine.
So if we check it I want have to see the virtual machine it's empty.
What's happening Ted.
The height of ability McGeary to the virtual machine to Stigand do you want from this host to the host.
If we check this one of course we're not going to put it right there because we have our video Windows
XP.
So I hate to see migrated to do is excite.
Number three if we check writer we have Windows XP number for secondary Foret of of course it's part
of because a configuration of Flatirons power and Segan to the between machine and the primary is X
I want and Isak's I took it.
So if you click on this one it will take us to the same virtual machine.
Brimley virtual machine is bolted on and the subin do the virtual machine is powered off because it
does not exist.
So the state writer of the Flatirons is need.
So you can do the VM virtual machine and the state is not protected.
Of course it will take a little time to detect that.
If I won back to life then it will migrate the signal to the virtual machine from E6.
I agree to the original one head is it.
It's gone.
So if we take it because I want to sit under the virtual machine buck to do is X I want and it will
take a little time if we check this one right.
No we've found that it detects.
So you a virtual machine.
It will take a little time to detect that so you can do the virtual machine is available.
Is what I want.
Of course let's give it a little time or just refresh.
Of course the Flatirons take a little time to check the new virtual machine and will update any difference
between the primary one and the secondary one.
For example the 7:31 was not available for one day or one hour and some change happened to dispatch
your machine if you check but your machines still work.
For example we had some data on webcam.
Again that's when we make some updates on this virtual machine when it detects does it a virtual machine
is available.
Who will try to update the different change between the hey we're powered on to Siegman did you want
to work to redo that embody one.
So it will take a little time to complete the process.
So.
But Imrie everyone no exist in E6 I talk and I one have you can do the one that is it's still bolted
up.
It will take a little time for it on after making a different change.
So what is it.
Of course it needs a little time to work.
Just give it a refresh.
If we take it to being it's still available without any problem.
If we check the state
head is it you seek not protected and no in the process of starting that's mean.
It detects the secondary virtual machine location it is x I won and it starting.
If we take this one will find that it's starting right now.
So it's still part of of course a little moment and it will be voted on and this exclamation mark will
delete it because the protection will be available for on state will be protected because we have the
primary and secondary between machine available in the environments it just give it a little time.
Of course the vision machine still work being still available without any problem.
Kate starting this refresh to check into your state.
It's not part it on check the first one.
Still part of
so I think it starts.
Follow it on.
So you see no it's become protected.
That's mean.
The second division machine is available.
So it is bounded on and other massage deleted.
No we are protected by the student Ravager machine.
This is what I want.
And look bandwidth which use is zero kilobytes of course if we have some data that will be updated into
your machine then the connectivity is still available without any problem.
The virtual machine still available without any problem.
So this is the benefit of the full loss and of course the full Tarrance have a zero down time division
machine still working without any problem.
Also if we have a problem in the Isak's I won that one the top three do Sundaravej machine will become
the primary and we'll give you another missile right there that you are not protected and the state
rights will be challenged and not protected when the secondary virtual machine be available will challenge
are not protected and starting their windows division machine pouted on you would be protected without
any problem you're still Hairlock bent which is about 1 megabytes.
That's mean it's updates to do information between want and you can do the one.
So we'll see in the next video for more information.